CKDU
CKDU-FM is Halifax’s only FM campus-community radio station. We are a volunteer-run, 3200-watt station broadcasting 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, from the Dalhousie campus to the metro Halifax area. CKDU-FM has been broadcasting as an FM station since 1985.

CKDU’s mandate is to provide an alternative to private and public broadcasters, and to be a forum for diverse and under-represented voices, music, and news. CKDU is committed to public access to the airwaves and supporting marginalized individuals and communities through our projects and programming.

location: Halifax, NTS


CJLO
Formed in 1998 as a merger between CRSG and CFLI, two former stations, CJLO is Concordia University's one and only radio station. 100% non-profit, and run almost entirely by volunteers, the station is located in the heart of the Loyola campus in the NDG borough of Montreal.

Our on-air personalities are the backbone of the station and there are over eighty DJ's spinning for your listening pleasure. Whether you are interested in Rock, Alt, Hip-Hop, RPM, Punk, Metal, Jazz, Blues, World, Country or Talk and Sports, CJLO has something for you.

location: Montreal, QC


WNYC
About WNYC
WNYC 93.9 FM and AM 820 are New York's flagship public radio stations, broadcasting the finest programs from NPR, American Public Media, Public Radio Exchange and the BBC World Service, as well as a wide range of award-winning local programming. 

location: NY, USA


WFMU
WFMU-FM is a listener-supported, non-commercial radio station broadcasting at 91.1 Mhz FM in Jersey City, NJ, right across the Hudson from lower Manhattan. It is currently the longest running freeform radio station in the United States.

Rolling Stone Magazine, The Village Voice, and CMJ have all at one time or another called WFMU “the best radio station in the country” and the station has also been the subject of feature stories in The New York Times and on the BBC. In recent years the station has gained a large international following due its online operations and counts Simpson’s creator Matt Groening, and film director Jim Jarmusch  among others, as devoted fans of the station.

WFMU’s programming ranges from flat-out uncategorizable strangeness to rock and roll, experimental music, 78 RPM Records, jazz, psychedelia, hip-hop, electronica, hand-cranked wax cylinders, punk rock, gospel, exotica, R&B, radio improvisation, cooking instructions, classic radio airchecks, found sound, dopey call-in shows, interviews with obscure radio personalities and notable science-world luminaries, spoken word collages, Andrew Lloyd Webber soundtracks in languages other than English as well as Country and western music.

All of the station’s programming is controlled by individual DJs and is not beholden to any type of station-wide playlist or rotation schedule. Experimentation, spontaneity and humor are among the station’s most frequently noted distinguishing traits. WFMU does not belong to any existing public radio network, and close to 100% of its programming originates at the station.

Location: New Jersey, USA

KEXP
KEXP's mission is to enrich your life by championing music and discovery. Our vision is a connected and compassionate world embracing curiosity and a shared love of music.
KEXP is an international community of music lovers and music makers, and a nonprofit organization fostering relationship and community building through broadcast, online, and in-person music experiences. 

Since our founding at the University of Washington in 1972, we’ve remained focused on championing music from all around the globe - spanning eras, styles and traditions. KEXP operates one of the most influential listener-supported music radio stations in the world, broadcasting at 90.3 KEXP-FM, Seattle and through our website and mobile apps. On KEXP's YouTube channel, our world-renowned Live on KEXP sessions feature exclusive in-studio performances and interviews from emerging and established artists. From a public facility at Seattle Center, KEXP produces hundreds of live performances and music events each year, many of which are open to public audiences at no charge. 

location: Washington, USA

KCRW
KCRW is your always-on connection to music, news, culture, and each other — on the radio, online, and in-person. We belong to Los Angeles, connecting diverse perspectives and the sounds of Southern California with curious communities around the corner and around the world. 

As a community driven by the spirit of Los Angeles, KCRW aspires to connect the interesting to the interested, growing a hyper-engaged LA-based collective through one-of-a-kind experiences. Always excellent, essential, and accessible, we’re the exclusive club that everyone is invited to.

We are the curator of the LA experience — your guide to understanding the diverse communities and cultures of the region, spotlighting unique perspectives through original programming and hand-picked content. Always free, never behind a paywall.


NTS
NTS provides curious minds with a home for music discovery. Built by music lovers, for music lovers.

Broadcasting music from over 50 cities around the globe, NTS platforms artists through radio and creative projects.

location: United Kingdom



